1.  i have to put pop up with content onto each learning link. 
    pop up will explain how it went, when it started and how it help me get good and how one can make use with it.

2. describe internship and how it has to benefit you and how best you can prep for one, meet one, handle one, and go on from there.

3. Tutoring - good or bad, how it pays and how best can you use it as a learning curve.

4. sololearn, codewars, freecode camp - after internship these websites got value for me and also realised something important about their content and how you should use it to your advantage.

5. Create the po up component to have the text part of it the p to be component or dynamic - this way if pull the modal its text will change with each click
using innerHtml or textContent.

6. make the back ground image to be less in your face.


Intro:
    Do you want to learn basic programming? 
    Do you have an issue using what you have learnt to make projects or design them better?
    I can show you what you need to actually get prepaired for a good job, i will also share which 
    road map is best for your growth focusing on building your career and your attractive profile.

Body:
    Personal Portfolio:
        Hi there,
        A your looking for someone to work with on a web project? 
        Do you need someone tio maintain your angular project with ionic native functionality?
        Do you wish to make an addition to your team with a vibrant UI /UX developer?
        check out my skills and what i can offer.

    
    skills:
        Javascript + HTML5 + CSS3 - Basic Web 
        Reactjs + Angular - Frameworks
        Ionic - Mobile app
        Node - Express - API
        Bootstrap + Tailwindcss + Animatecss - Styling
        Python + C++ + C# - Learnt but not used
    
    Experience:
        Gibon Dev
        Programming Kings
        Unizulu
        Alphagamo

    Interest
        C# + SQL
        Svelt
        Nextjs
        vue 
        D3 + ChartJs + CubeJs



    Project Portfolio:
        1. google maps project.
        2. shopping website { for services }
        3. hair cut mobile app 
        4. hair cut back office app.
        5. token distributor app.
        6. artists | photographer | singer | drawer website

Outro
    Fun 
    Blog Posts:
    1. This is how learning to learn is important to be a good coder.
    2. Here we discuss how the importance of learning fundamentals deeply.
    3. How to set goals for learning and push yourself to it.
    4. Which are the important points to be a good intern.
    
    Video Posts:
    1. How to enjoy your learning process using inbuilt docs.
    2. See how to implement iframes in your website to show gif of your project.
    3. using the chrome browser to check if your css styles will work 
    4. using DOM to check if you can apply js on your pge corretly.
    